# LeetCode Problem 33: [Search in Rotated Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/search-in-rotated-sorted-array/)

## Problem Description
Given an integer array `nums` sorted in ascending order, which is rotated at some pivot point unknown beforehand, and a `target` value to search. If the target is found in the array, return its index. Otherwise, return -1.

## Solution Approach
- We perform binary search on the rotated sorted array to find the target element.
- We update the boundaries of the search based on whether the mid element is in the left or right half of the rotated array.

## Java Solution Code

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int search(vector<int>& nums, int target) {
        int n = nums.size();
        int left = 0;
        int right = n-1;

        while(left <=right){
            int mid = (left+right)/2;
            if(nums[mid] == target){
                return mid;
            }

            if(nums[left] <= nums[mid]){
                if(nums[left] <= target && target <= nums[mid]){
                    right = mid - 1;
                }
                else   left = mid + 1;
            }
            else{
                if(nums[mid] <= target && target <= nums[right]){
                     left = mid + 1;
                }
                else  right = mid - 1;;
            }
        }
        return -1;
    
    }
};
```

## Complexity Analysis
- **Time Complexity**: O(log N), where N is the number of elements in the array.
- **Space Complexity**: O(1), constant extra space is used.

## Code Explanation
1. We initialize pointers `low` and `high` to the start and end of the array, respectively.
2. We use a binary search loop to iterate until `low` is less than or equal to `high`.
3. In each iteration, we calculate the `mid` index using the formula `low + (high - low) / 2`.
4. We check if the `target` is found at the `mid` index. If yes, we return `mid`.
5. If the left half is sorted (`nums[low] <= nums[mid]`), we determine if the `target` is in the right half or outside the sorted left half. We adjust the `low` or `high` pointers accordingly.
6. If the right half is sorted, we determine if the `target` is in the left half or outside the sorted right half. We adjust the `low` or `high` pointers accordingly.
7. If the `target` is not found in the array, we return `-1`.
