
# LeetCode Problem 300: [Length of Longest Increasing Subsequence](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-increasing-subsequence/)

## Problem Description

Given an unsorted array of integers, find the length of the longest increasing subsequence.

## Solution Approach

We can solve this problem using dynamic programming. We initialize an array `dp` of the same length as the input array, where `dp[i]` represents the length of the longest increasing subsequence ending at index `i`. We then iterate through the array and update `dp[i]` based on the maximum length of increasing subsequences ending at indices before `i`.

## Java Solution

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int lengthOfLIS(vector<int>& nums) {
        int n = nums.size();
        vector<int> list(n,1);
        int maxi = 1;

        for(int i=1; i<n; i++){
            for(int j=0; j<i; j++){
                if(nums[i] > nums[j]){
                    list[i] = max(list[i], 1 + list[j]);
                    maxi = max(maxi , list[i]);
                }
            }
        }
        return maxi;
    }
};
```

## Complexity Analysis

- **Time Complexity**: O(n^2), where n is the length of the input array. We have two nested loops to compute the longest increasing subsequence length for each element.
- **Space Complexity**: O(n), where n is the length of the input array. We use an additional array `dp` of the same length as the input array.

## Code Explanation

- We initialize an array `dp` to store the length of the longest increasing subsequence.
- We fill the `dp` array with 1 initially, indicating the minimum length of increasing subsequence at each index.
- We iterate through the array and update `dp[i]` based on the maximum length of increasing subsequences ending at indices before `i`.
- We return the maximum value in the `dp` array as the result.
