# LeetCode Problem: 213. [House Robber II](https://leetcode.com/problems/house-robber-ii/)

## Problem Description

You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed. All houses at this place are arranged in a circle. That means the first house is the neighbor of the last one. Meanwhile, adjacent houses have a security system connected, and it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night.

Given an integer array `nums` representing the amount of money of each house, return the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight without alerting the police.

## Solution Approach

We can solve this problem using dynamic programming. Since the houses are arranged in a circle, we need to consider two cases: robbing the first house and not robbing the first house. We use two dynamic programming arrays to track the maximum amount of money we can rob in each case.

## cpp Solution

```cpp
class Solution {
public:
    int rob(vector<int>& nums) {
        int rob1 = 0;
        int rob2 = 0;
        int max1 = nums[0];
        int max2 = 0;

        for(int i=0; i< nums.size()-1; i++){
            max1 = max(rob1 + nums[i], rob2);
            rob1 = rob2;
            rob2 = max1;
        }
        rob1 = 0;
        rob2 = 0;
        for(int i = 1; i< nums.size(); i++){
            max2 = max(rob1+nums[i], rob2);
            rob1 = rob2;
            rob2 = max2;
        }
        return max(max1, max2);
    }
};
```

## Complexity Analysis

- **Time Complexity**: O(N), where N is the number of houses.
- **Space Complexity**: O(N), where N is the number of houses.

## Code Explanation

- We consider two cases: robbing the first house and not robbing the first house.
- We use two dynamic programming arrays to track the maximum amount of money we can rob in each case.
- We iterate through the array and calculate the maximum amount of money that can be robbed in each case.
- Finally, we return the maximum amount of money between the two cases.
